To launch the program: double click on WarPath.exe file.

The window is divided in 4 areas.
In the upper left part is the complete list from which to select. Units are selected with a double click of the left mouse button
and they are inserted in the selection list.
Above the complete list is the combo-box from which to choose the list.
Down left is the window with selected units. TO REMOVE A UNIT: SELECT IT AND PRESS "del" (the key below "ins").
Down right is the options window. Options are divided in different tabs (explained later on).
The options shown are always those of the selected unit.
The upper right window contains eventual options with suboptions.

To save the list go to File->Save.

HOW TO ADD NEW LISTS:
Available lists are read on startup from the "FileList.txt" file, in the same directory of the executable. This file contains the names
of the datafiles which are in the "data" dir.
If you create a new datafile you must add it to FileList.txt to use it in WarPath.
The datafiles can be put in different groupd, for example:
Type1
/data/list1.txt
/data/list2.txt
Type2
/data/list3.txt

What follows are the instructions on the list format. It is probably sufficient to open the example datafiles in the data dir to see how
it works.

The datafiles have some rules to follow:
The units are specified in the format
- name ; models number; points cost; type
- name is the unit. It will be shown in the first column.
- models number accepts the following formats: min-max (two numbers divided by the "-"), N+ (for example 10+) or N (in the case of a fixed number).
- type specifies the unit type, for example troops, etc... It will be shown near to the lines.
The separator is ";".
For the options the structure is the same, but the line begins with "-", for example:
- name ; number ; points ; type
The type can be left empty and in this case the default type is "Options". You can add a fifth field with text "xModel" (without the ") for
options you pay for each model in the unit.

For options shared between units:
The line begins with the symbol "@" followed by the list (always divided by @) of the name of the units to which it is associated.
The list is then followed by the symbol ":" and then by the normal option text (without the initial "-", replaced in this case by the :).
The default type for this kind of options (if you do not specify the fourth field) is "Special Options".

Starting from version 0.91 it is possible to add a fifth field to units. The text inserted in this fifth field is written in the list saved
after all selected options and preceded by the text "Special:". An example is in the testFantasy datafile.
From this version it is also possible to modify the titles of the two windows ("Item Selection" and "Selected Item"), the name "Total" near
the total number and the word "Special:" explained above. To do that it is possible to change them in the Localize.txt file in the main dir.

Starting from version 0.92 it is possible to have more than an option with subOptions for the same item and they can be shown with the "Show"
button that will appear near them.

Starting from version 0.93 it is possible to set a background image. A different image for each list can be specified in FileLists.txt, as well
as a default image. It is also possible to specify the transparency of the windows. See FileLists.txt for more detailed instructions.
The image is repeated when it is smaller than the window. For this reason it would be good to use big images, such as wallpapers.